Update dependency-injection-usage.md (#39346)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/extensions/dependency-injection-usage.md

:::code source="snippets/configuration/console-di/Program.cs" id="Program" highlight="8-11":::

> Each `services.Add{LIFETIME}<{SERVICE}>` extension method adds (and potentially configures) services. We recommend that apps follow this convention. Don't place extension methods in the <xref:Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection?displayProperty=fullName> namespace unless you're authoring an official Microsoft package. When extension methods are defined within the `Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection` namespace it:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each `services.Add{LIFETIME}<{SERVICE}>` extension method adds (and potentially configures) services. We recommend that apps follow this convention. Don't place extension methods in the <xref:Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection?displayProperty=fullName> namespace unless you're authoring an official Microsoft package. Extension methods that are defined within the `Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection` namespace:
```

Reviewer: It was unclear what the final "it" referred to and might be difficult to localize, so I'm suggesting this.

> - allows them to be displayed in [IntelliSense](/visualstudio/ide/using-intellisense) without adding additional `using` blocks

Reviewer: It was correct that these were capitalized and full-stopped before - see https://styleguides.azurewebsites.net/Styleguide/Read?id=2696&topicid=28112.

> - allows them to be displayed in [IntelliSense](/visualstudio/ide/using-intellisense) without adding additional `using` blocks

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Are displayed in [IntelliSense](/visualstudio/ide/using-intellisense) without requiring additional `using` blocks.
```

> - prevents excessive `using` statements in the `Program` or `Startup` classes where these extension methods are typically called

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- prevents excessive `using` statements in the `Program` or `Startup` classes where these extension methods are typically called
```
```suggestion
- Reduce the number of `using` statements in the `Program` or `Startup` classes where these extension methods are typically called.
```
